hello guys so it's a nice Sunday morning
I'm a bit tired today obviously I had
been clocked in there last night which
was so much fun
the food was obviously the best food
I've ever had at any Boat Club dinner I
think it was just because the menu was
just right up my street but yeah like
warm chocolate brownie for dessert yes
please then there was the after-party
held at the venue as well the venue was
like a cafe but it was like a converted
chapel or something and then everyone
heads off to spoons and as you probably
gathered from what I said last night I
forgot my ID and so just came back to
college and that was fine you know I
think it actually was a sign because
I've got so so much work to do I'm
literally swimming in quantum mechanics
questions you have no idea um so yeah
it's probably a good thing I didn't go
out I don't think I ever told you guys
how bumps went yesterday but we did get
bumped literally the crew behind us
sprayed very fast faster than us and
they gave over a slight nudge behind and
I thought oh that's bump better concede
we put up a good fight
everyone did the absolute best and it
was it was it has been a really good
recall growing so this morning I mean I
still have had a lion which really I
shouldn't have had but hey and now I'm
up I've had a bowl of cereal I need to
get going on some work I'm supposed to
be meeting with my physics project group
today to practice our presentation we're
giving next week also my room is a pits
and I'm not going to show you because
it's actually embarrassing I definitely
need to tidy my room today so much to do
but it's like the last week of time so
we can all chillax we can just you know
make sure we get these last pieces of
work done also it's been announced that
I'm in the top 10 B Knox in Cambridge B
knock is a big name on campus and
apparently I am number six I'm the sixth
most well-known student in Cambridge by
all the students at the moment well who
or achievement a little bit scary to
think that everyone knows who I am but I
mean Here I am I make an idiot of myself
I'm really weird and put it out on the
Internet yeah I'm just myself you know I
liked
be myself love it or hate it it's just
me hey everyone so I had lunch at CAF in
the end I've just got myself an
afternoon coffee as well to keep me
going still got quite a bit of work to
do I'm heading over to Trinity College
at 4:00 today to meet with my lab group
to practice our presentation so in a
minute I'm going to switch to just
preparing my part hello everyone it's a
bit cold but I am now heading over to
Trinity I think it might be my first
time actually going inside Trinity
College ever it's quite exciting it's
the big one
I'm expecting it to look quite grand and
welcome to Trinity College it was pretty
cool to walk through and my lab group
had a very good run through of our
presentation I hello everyone
so we're all sitting on the chip this
evening eating dinner I've been to CAF
but only to buy a muffin and I'm making
my own toasty which is currently in the
toasty maker here we have will and Emma
a cooking can you believe it I mean you
could say that I'm looking to because
I'm making the toastie quite quite let's
see what wills made okay so let's have a
very I want people to comment down today
when they think wills meal or Emma's
meal looks more appetizing
wills was the first one I showed you the
pasta and then I just showed you
Emma's stir fry as well so yeah which do
you think looks best so I just wanted to
add in the running light roasty I think
actually in my personal opinion it looks
like the best cooking that's been done
this evening but I mean you have your
say in the comments but yeah nice
chicken toasty with cheese so will
started coming to Nunavut's now even
though he isn't even in our Nexus anyone
can come to animate anyone yes we have
chose a very tasty bit what students
afternoon but then it's the physics and
materials dinner this evening that's
gonna circus I know they're gonna be
great the one time everyone so I've just
come back from nano max and I've just
popped back to my room I'm just filling
up my rucksack again with everything I
need for the afternoon and then I'm
gonna head to the roost
the Jesus cafe to do some work before my
supervision which is near the roost so
like it makes sense to go straight to
the roost and then straight from there
to my super a bit of focus working the
roost this afternoon I reckon maybe a
coffee maybe a cake we'll see see I do
have the physics and materials dinner
this evening and I have to spend two
nano max like do I really need to cake
this afternoon probably not but it's the
end of term right you know it's like
sometimes you have to treat yourself you
really do I need a reward I've made it
to week eight of term way to go me and
suddenly when I was sitting in the roost
I saw a wild Tim approaching Westcourt
the Tim is a rare species native to
Jesus College with a particular flair
for physics and they live on a diet of
bread luckily I knew the Tim was no
danger to us humans and so I waited for
Tim to join me so we could go to our
supervision and so I've gotta make him
stop as he comes fast
I've had my supervision and I've hung up
my laundry when I got back look at all
those clothes hanging out back there
that took me honestly a good half hour
to hang it all up like there's
deceptively more clothes on that rack
than you think like they're all squeezed
on because I literally just put off
doing my laundry for ages and then
although don't know that one's yeah I've
kind of been sitting here all wasting
time since that I'm actually gonna start
like in about 20 minutes time I'm gonna
start getting ready for the physics of
materials dinner this evening it's not
like too smart and affair the dress code
is smart casual ie
I don't need to dress up too much so
that's good so I'm just going to put
with makeup on put something on that's
presentable and head to the pre-dinner
drinks at 7:00 for now I actually think
I might open up my current video that
I'm editing and do some editing the
alternative is looking over my physics
notes from my supervision I just had and
I mean editing just is much more
appealing so we're good we're gonna get
something done that's be a bit
productive there's this really weird
beeping can you hear it I don't know
what it is is it coming from next door
yeah that's the hallway I'm gonna cut
side okay so it turns out they're doing
a bleep test outside if you don't know
what has yeah I have horrific memories
of doing bleep tests when I was at
school like if you haven't done one
before the idea is you have to like run
to the other end of like the court
before the beat goes and then you have
to run back and then you keep going
until you can't run anymore but like the
idea is you go for as long as you can so
it's like an endurance thing that makes
sense where all the peoples coming from
okay it's all sorted don't worry guys
there's no there's no weird beeping in
this staircase good evening - PG PG
we're at a bar right now so yes
just that physics dinner I actually
especially enjoy the main cause like
he's unlike vegetarian guy you gotta be
pragmatic receive I say I'm gonna be
vegetarian Vince I forget sort of thing
love some non-vegetarian food is in
front of me am I gonna come back that
has no effect that doesn't nothing I'm
gonna move to knit I don't care I'm
having a good time but he was
irresponsible he should have said he was
vegetarian on a very start but no he
didn't consider go of me
obviously how rages how great his
behavior
I'm gonna sign up right now see you guys
later see you guys tomorrow
hello everyone so I'm really sorry about
that interruption I shouldn't leave my
phone and beeping we have these losers
over here we've just come out the
materials do that and it was a great
time I then swapped coats with Ed yeah I
think that came off worse in this
situation not gonna lie hello everybody
three two one we've just come back from
the physics and materials dinner okay
it's a little bit of a mess but also you
guys are used to seeing my messy room so
you probably think this is tidy what is
this what do we have here biscuit
biscuit do you have this is a bright
stuff other than bread oh here's Tim's
bread
oh my gosh now this looks to me like
chocolate digestives but it's noise it's
not HT or their chocolate chip
digestives oh that's interesting so rich
tea biscuits with chocolate chip inside
no no digestive had the chocolate on top
[Music]
here's at providing quality
entertainment as always
hello everyone zero on a point walk your
point where you want to go the direction
of the majority we're going this way so
hello everyone we're still on this point
walk me and as I wants to go to the Val
of life or we could get food but these
other guys have the route over to the
wrong part of Cambridge we don't want to
go this way good morning everybody
so today I've got my last ever time in
physics labs like possibly ever for
definitely for this year anyway and it's
not actually a lab today it's just a
presentation so I'm meeting with my lab
group at Churchill College and we're
gonna have a quick run-through of our
presentation and then we'll head over to
the labs for our assess presentation
which is 20 minutes long then they'll
ask us a few questions and then we'll
hand in our lab book here is our joint
lab book for the extended investigation
and that will be here it's not worth
much but it's like good presenting
experience I suppose it's good team
working experience and all that and yeah
so I'm literally just making sure I've
got everything make sure everything's
properly stuck into this book just going
over our PowerPoint I need to add in a
sentence but I can't add it on this
online version because my computer hates
me so I'll sort it when I get there yeah
and the physics and materials in it was
actually really nice last night and we
actually ended up doing a point walk now
if you don't know what point milk is I'm
not sure if I explained it very clearly
last night essentially like you you're
in a group and you go walking and every
time you reach an intersection like
somewhere we can go one way or another
you have to go count down and then all
point in the direction you want to walk
and then the direction has the most
points is the direction you go and it
just keeps going on like that we went to
van of life got cheesy chips so that was
very very good and the other thing is I
managed to loose its cam card so our cam
cards get us into our rooms and they're
like all access card
Edie stole my cam card so you know
actually he initiated this he did not
give me my count card refused to give it
to me so I took his cam card so we had
each other's cam cards all evening
except I managed to drop his cam card
somewhere on this point walk so I got
back I was like I genuinely don't have
your cam card I'm so sorry he didn't
believe me
um but I genuinely didn't have it but it
costs ten pound to get a new one so I've
given him ten pounds I feel pretty bad
but like he's got a temporary card now
at least I've got my count card and to
be fair like he should not take my cam
card in the first place so I'm sure
you're all feeling deeply concerned
about the loss of EDS cam card so I'm
pleased to inform you that it has since
been found I just thought it would be a
fun game you know find the cam card it
could catch on I'm gonna just carry on
preparing for this presentation just
quickly go over what I'm saying make
sure I can say it within five minutes
cuz that's like my times a lot for
speaking and yeah and here's a sneak
peek of Churchill College it's the
closest Coolidge to the physics lab so
it was handy to do our final
presentation prep here hey peeps so I've
just got back from the Cavendish and I
have done my presentation but yeah the
thing was when we had to walk from
Churchill collet to the physics labs it
started pouring a very not literally
chucking it down so like within like 30
seconds of being outside I was just
soaked through my jeans you probably
can't see but this this is soaked
through this stuck to my legs right now
I'm just glad to be back in my room you
know I'm gonna get changed into some
warm dry clothes
my dad group are actually so so lovely
like I was so lucky to be put in like a
team with like such nice people because
you know sometimes you do have to work
with people who you don't get always so
well in life but like literally honesty
lovely team so we just accidentally took
an hour-and-a-half break but it's fine
we're getting back on it now I'm just
about to get my maths out and I'm
actually gonna do two hours before
dinner I'm actually gonna get this work
done
[Music]
good evening everyone this evening I've
just got a bit of work to do really like
the work hasn't ended yet unfortunately
it is the last day of that's just
tomorrow but I've still got supervisions
I've got 3c provisions and like two and
a half sets of supervision work for
those super visions to complete for this
behind
I'll get them done we're nearly there
and then I'm gonna make my revision
timetable like I'm convinced honestly
I'm gonna make myself a revision
timetable when I'm actually gonna stick
to it
because I make these timetables and then
do I ever stick to it I try and because
they're usually quite ambitious I do end
up getting a lot done even if it's not
everything I plan to but really I want
to make one that's realistic and I
actually stick to but that's a project
for after we finish this terms work I
was just thinking about when I was in
Churchill College earlier because
obviously I was seeing my lab group
there we were running through our
presentation had lunch in the Churchill
buttery cafeteria whatever they call it
which was pleasant and I was thinking
like the last time I was here was when I
was on a summer school when I was in my
first year of sixth form quite awhile
ago now quite a few years ago and I
stayed in Churchill College for four
days it was a head-start summer school
if anyone's interested it was like hey
I'm getting to STEM Sciences summer
school thing they run them at lots of
universities around the country but I
remember being on that summer school and
thinking to myself oh I wish I could be
at Cambridge like I was literally in or
of like Cambridge as a whole I was
meeting these students people people who
are at Churchill and I was like wow like
they're at Cambridge Oh like that's
literally what I would love to be doing
like that's literally my dream and I was
it was really weird to be in Churchill
again this time but looking at it from
the other perspective like being a
student at Cambridge and also I was
cycling down the cycle path that goes by
the college that I used to walk down
when I was on this summer school and I
remember always the leader of the summer
school shouting us being like step to
the side the cyclists coming and
was almost taken out by cyclists
multiple times I must say cuz there's so
many cyclists in Cambridge and I used to
be like all these cyclists coming your
last pedestrians
is this what Cambridge is really like
but then there was me today on my bike
not a slightly down this slightly cycle
path and I was like I am that cyclist
now know that I can look anyone over
like I am very careful of my bike I like
Churchill as a cause you know I feel
like my roots are in Churchill cuz
Churchill was also the link college for
my sixth form so basically the way
Cambridge does it is the different areas
in the country are assigned different
link colleges at Cambridge and that
College is responsible for all the
access schemes and school visits for
that particular area in the country and
so from where I'm from our link college
is Churchill my sixth form actually ran
a day trip up to Cambridge and it was my
first time ever visiting Cambridge and
we went to Churchill College to have a
look around so that literally was my
first experience of Cambridge I do quite
like Churchill and their rooms are
really nice as well like they've got
these window sills but like big window
sills that you can sit on and like look
out and I can imagine myself studying on
that but I do love Jesus though I mean
there's anything beat Jesus no Jesus is
great but Churchill is a nice college
also the other exciting thing is I went
and checked my pigeonhole and I've got
my menu from Boat Club dinner I had Boat
Club dinner at the weekend and the way
we do things at Boat Club dinner is
everyone has a menu and everyone signs
your menus at the Boat Club donessa
everyone takes pens and you pass
everyone's menus around so everyone's
written like little messages to me in
your menu and we do them for every Boat
Club dinner so there's one up there from
a Brit Club dinner from last year this
is my first ever Boat Club dinner menu
there's more writing inside spit blank
on the front it's well I didn't know
anyone that well I don't actually know
what my Boat Club dinner menu from last
term is because it's definitely not up
on my wall and I'm quite sad about that
because my last home one was a real
cracker so yeah I like to pin them off
my notice board I've managed to fill my
notice board
pretty well now gonna be annoying and
like a week or so time and I'm gonna
have to take everything down so it's
just past eleven and I'm still going on
my maths and I have not finished yet
I've made good progress but I'm not
finished because literally up and set so
many questions this week but I'm so
tired and like I can feel my
productivity slipping I can feel my
concentration going I honestly just need
to go to bed like there's just no point
carrying on now but the thing is this
work is due tomorrow morning my super
plan master plan is to set my alarm for
like 6:30 and then make sure I actually
get up at that time and I'll do like an
hour or an hour and a half even of work
tomorrow morning
and then that should be enough to finish
it and the work I do in the morning will
be fresh because I will have just woken
up from a good night's sleep and then
I'll have a morning of lectures and then
I can nap in the afternoon if I need to
oh no see what I really should have done
it's got this maths work done earlier
but the trouble is I had other work that
I was doing a few days ago so I just
couldn't start it earlier chuckling work
is hard you know like I thought I had
everything sorted but clearly not and
that's it for this vlog I'll leave you
wanna cliffhanger did she get her work
done does she not get her work done
spoiler
I did get my work done and yeah I'll see
you soon with another video please like
and subscribe and yeah bye
[Music]